Added documentation for printing associated queries, and sample documents in notification message. (#6866)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _observing-your-data/alerting/triggers.md

#### Other variables

Variable | Data type | Description
:--- | :--- | : ---
`ctx.results` | Array | An array with one element (`ctx.results.0`). Contains the query results. This variable is empty if the trigger was unable to retrieve results. See `ctx.error`.
`ctx.last_update_time` | Milliseconds | Unix epoch time of when the monitor was last updated.
`ctx.periodStart` | String | Unix timestamp for the beginning of the period during which the alert was triggered. For example, if a monitor runs every 10 minutes, a period might begin at 10:40 and end at 10:50.
`ctx.periodEnd` | String | The end of the period during which the alert triggered.
`ctx.error` | String | The error message displayed if the trigger was unable to retrieve results or could not be evaluated, typically due to a compile error or null pointer exception. Null otherwise.
`ctx.alert` | Object | The current, active alert (if it exists). Includes `ctx.alert.id`, `ctx.alert.version`, and `ctx.alert.isAcknowledged`. Null if no alert is active. Only available with query-level monitors.

> `ctx.alerts` | Array | Newly created alerts. Includes `ctx.alerts.0.finding_ids` that triggered the alert, and `ctx.alerts.0.related_doc_ids` associated with the findings. Only available with document-level monitors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ctx.alerts` | Array | Newly created alerts. Includes the `ctx.alerts.0.finding_ids` that triggered the alert and the `ctx.alerts.0.related_doc_ids` associated with the findings. Only available with document-level monitors.
```

`ctx.dedupedAlerts` | Array | Alerts that have been triggered. OpenSearch keeps the existing alert to prevent the plugin from creating endless numbers of the same alert. Only available with bucket-level monitors.
`ctx.newAlerts` | Array | Newly created alerts. Only available with bucket-level monitors.

> `ctx.completedAlerts` | Array | Alerts that are no longer ongoing. Only available with bucket-level monitors.

Reviewer: What do we mean by "no longer ongoing"? Have these alerts been disabled automatically or manually?

```suggestion
`ctx.completedAlerts` | Array | Alerts that are no longer ongoing. Only available with bucket-level monitors.
```

Reviewer: @AWSHurneyt: Let us know if you have a take on this. I'm inclined to make it inline with the name of the variable, "Alerts that are completed or expired."

Reviewer 2: "Completed or expired alerts" 😄

> `bucket_keys` | String | Comma-separated list of the monitor's bucket key values. Available only for `ctx.dedupedAlerts`, `ctx.newAlerts`, and `ctx.completedAlerts`. Accessed through `ctx.dedupedAlerts.0.bucket_keys`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bucket_keys` | String | A comma-separated list of the monitor's bucket key values. Available only for `ctx.dedupedAlerts`, `ctx.newAlerts`, and `ctx.completedAlerts`. Accessed through `ctx.dedupedAlerts.0.bucket_keys`.
```

> `bucket_keys` | String | A comma-separated list of the monitor's bucket key values. Available only for `ctx.dedupedAlerts`, `ctx.newAlerts`, and `ctx.completedAlerts`. Accessed through `ctx.dedupedAlerts.0.bucket_keys`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bucket_keys` | String | A comma-separated list of the monitor's bucket key values. Available only for `ctx.dedupedAlerts`, `ctx.newAlerts`, and `ctx.completedAlerts`. Accessed through the `ctx.dedupedAlerts.0.bucket_keys` setting.
```

Author: @Naarcha-AWS Oh these aren't settings. Essentially, the `ctx` variable is a JSON payload. Mustache template uses dot notation to access the key/value pairs in the JSON. Rather than referring to this as a "setting," I think "variable" would make more sense.

Reviewer: Updated.

`parent_bucket_path` | String | The parent bucket path of the bucket that triggered the alert. Accessed through `ctx.dedupedAlerts.0.parent_bucket_path`.

> `associated_queries` | Array | An array of document-level monitor queries that triggered the creation of the finding associated with the alert. Only available with document-level monitors. Accessed through `ctx.alerts.0.associated_queries`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`associated_queries` | Array | An array of document-level monitor queries that triggered the creation of the finding associated with the alert. Only available with document-level monitors. Accessed through the `ctx.alerts.0.associated_queries` setting.
```

Author: Same comment as https://github.com/opensearch-project/documentation-website/pull/6866/files#r1594326763

> `sample_documents` | Array | An array of sample documents that matched the monitor query. Only available with bucket-level, and document-level monitors. Accessed through `ctx.newAlerts.0.sample_documents`, and `ctx.alerts.0.sample_documents`, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sample_documents` | Array | An array of sample documents that matched the monitor query. Only available with bucket-level, and document-level monitors. Accessed through `ctx.newAlerts.0.sample_documents` and `ctx.alerts.0.sample_documents` settings, respectively.
```

Author: Same comment as https://github.com/opensearch-project/documentation-website/pull/6866/files#r1594326763

#### `associated_queries`, and `sample_documents` variables

> Per bucket, and per document monitors support printing sample documents in notification messages; and per document monitors support printing the list of queries that triggered the creation of the finding associated with the alert. Each new alert that's generated during a monitor execution will be added to a list (i.e., `newAlerts` for per bucket monitors, and `alerts` for per document monitors) within the `ctx` variable. Each alert has its own list of `sample_documents`, and each per document monitor alert has its own list of `associated_queries`. The message template can be formatted to iterate through the list of alerts, and the list of `associated_queries`, and `sample_documents` for each alert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Per bucket and per document monitors support printing sample documents in notification messages. Per document monitors support printing the list of queries that triggered the creation of the finding associated with the alert. When the monitor runs, the monitor adds each new alert that's generated into the within the `ctx` variables, for example, `newAlerts` for per bucket monitors and `alerts` for per document monitors.  Each alert has its own list of `sample_documents` and each per document monitor alert has its own list of `associated_queries`. The message template can be formatted to iterate through the list of alerts, the list of `associated_queries`, and the `sample_documents` for each alert.
```

Author: @Naarcha-AWS Could you clarify this line? I think there's a typo.
> *that's generated into the within the `ctx` variables*

Reviewer: Should be "into the `ctx` variable:

To learn more about security in the Alerting plugin, see [Alerting security](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/observing-your-data/alerting/security/).

#### Sample documents variables

Variable | Data type | Description
:--- | :--- | : ---

> `_index` | String | The index containing the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`_index` | String | The index containing the sample document.
```

`_id` | String | The document ID for the document in its index.
`_score` | Float | A positive 32-bit floating point number illustrating the relevance of the returned document.
`_source` | Object | The JSON payload of the sample document.

##### Mustache template example

```groovy
Alerts:
{{#ctx.alerts}}
    RULES
    {{#associated_queries}}
        Name: {{name}}
        Id: {{id}}
        Tags: {{tags}}
    ------------------------
    {{/associated_queries}}
{{/ctx.alerts}}
```

#### Associated queries variables

Variable | Data type | Description
:--- | :--- | : ---
`id` | String | The ID for the document-level query.
`name` | String | The name configured for the document-level query.
`tags` | Array | An array of tags (each of type String) configured for the document-level query.

##### Mustache template example

> **Note**: The `_source` object in this example is based on the `opensearch_dashboards_sample_data_ecommerce` index that's available on OpenSearch Dashboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `_source` object in this example is based on the `opensearch_dashboards_sample_data_ecommerce` index that's available on OpenSearch Dashboards.
{: .note}
```

```groovy
Alerts

> {{#ctx.alerts}}

Author: **Question for documentation reviewers:**
The following on line 146, calls out that the variable names for the "alerts" list is `newAlerts` for per bucket monitors, and `alerts` for per document monitors.
> Each new alert that's generated during a monitor execution will be added to a list (i.e., `newAlerts` for per bucket monitors, and `alerts` for per document monitors) within the `ctx` variable.

This example is for a per document monitor as the "alerts" list is access via `{{#ctx.alerts}}` instead of `{{#ctx.newAlerts}}`. Does that seem clear enough?

Reviewer: Lets update line 184 and call it out.

Author: Revised.

#### Other variables

Variable | Data type | Description
:--- | :--- | : ---

> `ctx.results` | Array | An array with one element (`ctx.results.0`). Contains the query results. This variable is empty if the trigger was unable to retrieve results. See `ctx.error`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ctx.results` | Array | An array with one element (`ctx.results.0`). Contains the query results. This variable is empty if the trigger is unable to retrieve results. See `ctx.error`.
```

`ctx.last_update_time` | Milliseconds | Unix epoch time of when the monitor was last updated.
`ctx.periodStart` | String | Unix timestamp for the beginning of the period during which the alert was triggered. For example, if a monitor runs every 10 minutes, a period might begin at 10:40 and end at 10:50.
`ctx.periodEnd` | String | The end of the period during which the alert triggered.
`ctx.error` | String | The error message displayed if the trigger was unable to retrieve results or could not be evaluated, typically due to a compile error or null pointer exception. Null otherwise.
`ctx.alert` | Object | The current, active alert (if it exists). Includes `ctx.alert.id`, `ctx.alert.version`, and `ctx.alert.isAcknowledged`. Null if no alert is active. Only available with query-level monitors.
`ctx.alerts` | Array | Newly created alerts. Includes the `ctx.alerts.0.finding_ids` that triggered the alert and the `ctx.alerts.0.related_doc_ids` associated with the findings. Only available with document-level monitors.

> `ctx.dedupedAlerts` | Array | Alerts that have been triggered. OpenSearch keeps the existing alert to prevent the plugin from creating endless numbers of the same alert. Only available with bucket-level monitors.

Reviewer 2: "Alerts that have been triggered" => "Triggered alerts"? "creating endless numbers of the same alert" => "perpetually creating the same alert"?

> `ctx.dedupedAlerts` | Array | Alerts that have been triggered. OpenSearch keeps the existing alert to prevent the plugin from creating endless numbers of the same alert. Only available with bucket-level monitors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ctx.dedupedAlerts` | Array | Triggered alerts. OpenSearch keeps the existing alert to prevent the plugin from perpetually creating the same alert. Only available with bucket-level monitors.
```

`ctx.newAlerts` | Array | Newly created alerts. Only available with bucket-level monitors.
`ctx.completedAlerts` | Array | Alerts that are no longer ongoing. Only available with bucket-level monitors.
`bucket_keys` | String | A comma-separated list of the monitor's bucket key values. Available only for `ctx.dedupedAlerts`, `ctx.newAlerts`, and `ctx.completedAlerts`. Accessed through the `ctx.dedupedAlerts.0.bucket_keys` variable.
`parent_bucket_path` | String | The parent bucket path of the bucket that triggered the alert. Accessed through `ctx.dedupedAlerts.0.parent_bucket_path`.
`associated_queries` | Array | An array of document-level monitor queries that triggered the creation of the finding associated with the alert. Only available with document-level monitors. Accessed through the `ctx.alerts.0.associated_queries` variable.

> `sample_documents` | Array | An array of sample documents that matched the monitor query. Only available with bucket-level, and document-level monitors. Accessed through `ctx.newAlerts.0.sample_documents` and `ctx.alerts.0.sample_documents` variables, respectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`sample_documents` | Array | An array of sample documents that matched the monitor query. Only available with bucket-level, and document-level monitors. Accessed through the `ctx.newAlerts.0.sample_documents` and `ctx.alerts.0.sample_documents` variables, respectively.
```

> `sample_documents` | Array | An array of sample documents that matched the monitor query. Only available with bucket-level, and document-level monitors. Accessed through `ctx.newAlerts.0.sample_documents` and `ctx.alerts.0.sample_documents` variables, respectively.

Reviewer 2: Second sentence: "Available with both bucket- and document-level monitors"?

> #### `associated_queries`, and `sample_documents` variables

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### The `associated_queries` and `sample_documents` variables
```

> Per bucket and per document monitors support printing sample documents in notification messages. Per document monitors support printing the list of queries that triggered the creation of the finding associated with the alert. When the monitor runs, the monitor adds each new alert that's generated into the within the `ctx` variables, for example, `newAlerts` for per bucket monitors and `alerts` for per document monitors.  Each alert has its own list of `sample_documents` and each per document monitor alert has its own list of `associated_queries`. The message template can be formatted to iterate through the list of alerts, the list of `associated_queries`, and the `sample_documents` for each alert.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Per bucket and per document monitors support printing sample documents in notification messages. Per document monitors support printing the list of queries that triggered the creation of the finding associated with the alert. When the monitor runs, it adds each new alert to the `ctx` variables, for example, `newAlerts` for per bucket monitors and `alerts` for per document monitors. Each alert has its own list of `sample_documents`, and each per document monitor alert has its own list of `associated_queries`. The message template can be formatted to iterate through the list of alerts, the list of `associated_queries`, and the `sample_documents` for each alert.
```

> Per bucket and per document monitors support printing sample documents in notification messages. Per document monitors support printing the list of queries that triggered the creation of the finding associated with the alert. When the monitor runs, the monitor adds each new alert that's generated into the within the `ctx` variables, for example, `newAlerts` for per bucket monitors and `alerts` for per document monitors.  Each alert has its own list of `sample_documents` and each per document monitor alert has its own list of `associated_queries`. The message template can be formatted to iterate through the list of alerts, the list of `associated_queries`, and the `sample_documents` for each alert.

Reviewer 2: Confirm that my changes to the third sentence retain the intended meaning.

> An Alerting monitor uses the permissions of the user that created it. Be mindful of the Notifications plugin channel to which alert messages are sent and the content of the message mustache template. To learn more about security in the Alerting plugin, see [Alerting security](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/observing-your-data/alerting/security/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An alerting monitor uses the permissions of the user that created it. Be mindful of the Notifications plugin channel to which alert messages are sent and the content of the message mustache template. To learn more about security in the Alerting plugin, see [Alerting security](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/observing-your-data/alerting/security/).
```

> An Alerting monitor executes using the permissions of the user that created it. Please be mindful of the Notifications plugin channel to which alert messages are sent, and the content of the message mustache template. To learn more about security in the Alerting plugin, see [Alerting security](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/observing-your-data/alerting/security/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An Alerting monitor uses the permissions of the user that created it. Be mindful of the Notifications plugin channel to which alert messages are sent and the content of the message mustache template. To learn more about security in the Alerting plugin, see [Alerting security](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/observing-your-data/alerting/security/).
```

> An Alerting monitor executes using the permissions of the user that created it. Please be mindful of the Notifications plugin channel to which alert messages are sent, and the content of the message mustache template. To learn more about security in the Alerting plugin, see [Alerting security](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/observing-your-data/alerting/security/).

Reviewer 2: "An Alerting plugin monitor"?

Reviewer: How about "an alerting monitor?"

Reviewer 2: That's fine. It was the capitalization of "Alerting" that was throwing me off.

{: .note}

> #### Sample documents variables

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Sample document variables
```

Variable | Data type | Description
:--- | :--- | : ---
`_index` | String | The index containing the sample document.

> `_id` | String | The document ID for the document in its index.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`_id` | String | The sample document ID.
```

> `_id` | String | The document ID for the document in its index.

Reviewer 2: Confirm technical meaning is retained.

> `_score` | Float | A positive 32-bit floating point number illustrating the relevance of the returned document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`_score` | Float | A positive 32-bit floating-point number illustrating the relevance of the returned document.
```

`_source` | Object | The JSON payload of the sample document.

##### Mustache template example

```groovy
Alerts:
{{#ctx.alerts}}
    RULES
    {{#associated_queries}}
        Name: {{name}}
        Id: {{id}}
        Tags: {{tags}}
    ------------------------
    {{/associated_queries}}
{{/ctx.alerts}}
```

> #### Associated queries variables

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Associated query variables
```
